OK so it's time to add something soon.
Well not something but a click event to our link here.
So that way we can send post requests OK or request to our database as Paul's requests.
So how can we do this.
Well we can use vanilla javascript we can use this using just a core javascript fundamentals or not
fundamental features or use Jake way which is a lot simpler.
So we're going to use GTK where we're going to go all the way to the bottom here.
Like we were trying to do before and we're going to write Sanjay where are we.
But before we do that let's go to footer and I want you guys to change in the foot of that BHB I want
to make sure that in every page our foot is actually going to see a mess.
So I force last see a mass there so that way we don't have a problem with this link.
Make sure you check your console.
OK.
Your javascript console your browser cancels.
Go here and more tools and then developer tools I'm using Chrome always.
So I want to attach an event here so let's make sure that a page has loaded and we are going to create
a document listener here with ready ready function and we're going to listen to when the document is
done and then we are going to create a click event here and we attach a click event to some type of
element and that element is this.
Here I'm going to add the class like OK.
So let's go down and right here I want to add the class like yours like the.
And when does click event on there is activated.
We are going to use cancel something out right now.
Cancel log.
And we seem to say it works or sometimes so let's refresh Let's click it and.
Well it's working but we need to you know get the make sure right now we put just a power symbol right
here and this anchor tag where we are clicking.
So that way that page refresh we can prevent that default but we don't do it like this.
So it works OK.
So once as we're working then we can start adding our Ajax.
OK.
Pretty pretty pretty awesome.
So let's do then the next lecture because I wanted to make these lectures short I wanted to make all
lectures short.
So you guys can make things work if you have any questions please post it in the discussions.
See you in the next lecture.